[Giggling]
[Yawns]
You were fantastic
in that last take, Lindsey,
but I'd like to give it
one more go.
Take it slower and let
those tears go this time.
And, Roger, please try
to show some feeling this take.
MAN: I think we should go
with a 65 millimeter here.
Huh?
AMY:
Ella?
What happened to your hair?
Did Mom get you a part
in the movie?
That's right.
They needed someone to play
an extremely young
and beautiful housekeeper,
so they typecast me.
How do I look?
All right, let's go!
Places, please!
But, Brett,
what will I do without you?
You can't leave me now.
I need you, Brett!
Brett, don't go!
[Sobbing]
And cut!
Print it.
She sounds like she's
really into that guy Brett.
[Laughs]
Was I good?
Great.
Oh, I thought you were
bringing your friends.
Where are they?
We're right here!
My!
You look like a real fox!
It's amazing what
the makeup department
can do with a little hair
and a pot of glue these days.
Didn't you tell her
about us yet?
I tried, but Mom's
clueless sometimes.
Hey, I haven't seen
Cream and Cheese.
- Wonder where they went.
- Don't ask me.
MAN:
Rewind that.
Hold it.
There.
You see?
I didn't call for animals
in this shot.
Don't worry, D. B., we can
erase it digitally in post.
Good idea.
Let's print it.
All right, let's move on
to the next scene, people.
Aah.
Hmm.
We'll be
out of camera range over here.
Okay.
Rehearse it.
Please, Brett!
Don't leave me!
Come back!
What will I do?
Where shall I go?
MAN: Oh!
Huh?
I didn't notice
this thing before.
What is it?
Some kind of crazy sculpture?
Guess I'll have to move
it out of the way.
On second thought,
I'll move the camera.
Oh. Oh.
I don't think this
is part of the movie.
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
This thing's still in the way.
Places, everybody!
MAN:
And action!
D. B.
There's a noise.
Cut!
Hmm.
Chris asked for my autograph.
Can't find anything wrong
with the sound on my end.
Are we good to go here?
Yeah.
Let's try it again.
MAN:
All right, Lindsey.
Action!
Sorry.
There's still noise.
Cut!
That's a wrap.
I hate working on location.
[Knock on door, door opens]
I just came to say good night.
You're such a considerate
young man.
Yeah.
Anyway, I'll see you tomorrow,
I guess.
Chris!
Sweet dreams, my darling son!
You too, Mom.
Good night.
Off you go.
We'll see you on the set
in the morning, Mom.
Until the morrow, my love!
I can't sleep
till I find that noise.
[Yawns]
Huh?
Where is everybody, Tails?
The girls are having
a sleepover in Ella's room.
And Sonic?
He's probably
exploring around as usual.
I sure hope Sonic
doesn't get into any trouble.
Huh?
Hmm.
Oh.
It's here.
[Giggling]
Sounds like some kids
are playing.
Huh?
Chris, honey?
Hmm.
[Giggling]
All right!
Come out here!
This little joke
has gone far enough!
I thought I heard something.
Perhaps it was just the wind.
It's been such a long day.
Uh!
[Deep voice]
Well, hello there!
Aah!
I wonder what this thing is for?
Lindsey!
Can you hear me?
Are you out there, Lindsey?!
Answer me!
Are you all right?!
Hey, Mom!
Are you here, Mrs. Thorndyke?
Are you okay?
We're all worried about you!
Chao! Chao! Chao! Chao!
Do you hear something, Cheese?
[Giggling]
I don't like
the sound of this, Ella.
It's coming
from behind this wall.
Excuse me?
Is that you, Mrs. Thorndyke?
Aah!
I better go get some help!
- Aah!
Sounds like Amy!
What's happening, Amy?
Help me save Ella!
[Giggling]
[All grunting]
Something pulled them all
right through the wall.
What's going on?
We were looking for Chris' mom,
and all of a sudden
we were attacked by ghosts!
I don't believe in ghosts.
[Giggling]
Whoa!
What is that?
- Aah!
Maybe there is such a thing
as ghosts after all.
Whoa!
- It grabbed Tails!
Bring him back!
- Sonic!
Chris!
Catch!
Huh?
What's this, Sonic?
I'm not sure, but it fell
off a pedestal outside,
and I think it's got
something to do with all this!
Oh! Oh!
AMY:
No! Sonic!
Bring him back!
You hear me?
Right now!
You can't take my Sonic!
[Crying]
AMY: This must be
where Sonic found that thing.
But I don't see what this
has to do with those ghosts.
Well, I'm not sure, but there's
something written here.
"Appears under the moon.
Disappears under the sun."
Wonder what that means.
What, Chris?
I feel a breeze
coming from the base.
There must be a hidden
passageway underneath it.
Aah!
Whoa!
Ahh.
Do you think we should go
take a look?
We may be able to rescue Sonic.
Let's go!
Hold on.
It could be dangerous
down there.
I know that.
But don't you think we should
let the police check it out?
I mean...
Hmm.
But, Amy, we...
All right.
I thought you were scared,
Chris.
Of course I'm scared.
Aren't you?
No.
Aah!
[Both laugh]
Remember, Chris, ghosts love it
if they see you're scared.
So if we run into one,
stay calm.
I'll pretend like
I don't even notice them.
[Ghosts giggling]
- Aah!
It seems like they're scared
of that thing.
All right.
Let's show those ghosts
that we can spook them!
Amy, wait!
Where'd the ghosts go?
They must be
around here someplace.
They can go through walls.
Maybe they already escaped.
They're heading
down those stairs!
[Giggling]
[Moaning]
Huh?
[Laughing]
Are you ready, Amy?
Let's do it!
Is anybody here?
It looks like the ghosts
led us to a dead end.
Sonic must be here!
But there's nobody around.
Where could they be keeping him?
Sonic?
SONIC:
Amy! Chris!
I'm up here!
- Sonic!
There's not much time,
so listen!
[Distorted voice]
I've always loved you, Amy.
- Huh?
Well, I'm sure you know
how I feel.
You can free me
if you put that stone
into the space on the wall.
Right, Sonic.
I sure am glad we brought
this thing along.
That must be where it goes!
[Normal voice] I said don't
put that thing over there, Amy!
That's how the ghosts get power!
Is this where it goes?
[Distorted voice]
Wonderful, Amy!
Now place that stone
in the space on the wall
with the moon side
facing upwards.
What do you mean,
"The moon side"?
Oh, I see!
I don't think
this is a good idea.
It'll be fine.
Sonic knows exactly
what he's doing.
[Normal voice]
No, Amy, don't!
[Distorted voice]
You're the best, Amy.
Oh, it was nothing.
I'm just glad we're going
to be back together again.
[Laughs]
Where did he come from?
Thank you, Amy!
[Laughs evilly]
Hey! That was you
pretending to be Sonic!
You don't have a chance
against that thing!
Don't even think
about taking it on!
Ha!
I'm not letting some ghoul
make a fool out of me!
Ha!
Oh!
Whoa!
- Whoa!
No!
Let me go!
Oh.
Amy!
Please, Amy,
open your eyes for me.
Aah!
[Distorted voice]
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Stop interfering with my plans
or you'll never leave
this castle!
Amy!
Ugh.
[All laughing]
Aah!
Heh heh heh.
Amy, please don't do it!
Aah!
[All laughing]
Sonic!
Help me!
[Cackles]
I'll help you, but first
you have to get me out of here!
Please.
Stop, Amy!
Now I get it!
SONIC: [Distorted voice]
Wonderful, Amy!
Now place that stone
in the space on the wall
with the moon side
facing upwards.
The moon side upwards.
What did it say
on that pedestal?
"Appears under the moon.
Disappears under the sun. "
Hey, that's it!
The ghosts show up
when the moon's facing up.
[All groan]
And when the sun is up,
they're in big trouble!
Aah!
Amy, are you okay?
Huh?
Oh, Sonic?
Oh, Sonic!
Please, Amy, we still have to
stop the ghost attack!
[All laughing]
I'll show you!
Bring it on!
[Growls]
You spooks better split
right away!
- Aah!
Hey!
You creeps can't
creep me out anymore!
It's time to say goodbye!
- Huh?
[Crash]
Hmm!
CHRIS:
Mom! Wake up!
Chris?
How was I in that take?
This isn't a movie, Mom.
SONIC:
Chris!
Get going now!
Here, Sonic!
Thanks!
[Growls]
Go on.
I'll catch up
with you guys later!
[Moans]
Ugh!
See ya!
Let's go, Mom!
We gotta hurry!
If we're going to film
an action scene,
can't I have
more comfortable shoes?
Huh.
I thought you guys would be
out of this place by now.
Did you stop the ghosts?
They didn't stand
a ghost of a chance.
[Growls]
What?
Okay, maybe I was wrong!
[Panting]
[Growls]
Hurry, Chris!
Aah!
- Aah!
Amy,
did I put the right side up?
It's the moon side.
So I messed up?
Yeah, big time.
LINDSEY:
That was fun.
But I didn't know
this was a fantasy film!
Those special effects
were incredibly realistic.
[All shouting]
[Sighs]
You really had us worried.
Did something go wrong?
Nobody ever got away from
the ghosts down there before.
Who are they?
Where did they all come from?
Well, some folks say
this place sits
on an ancient burial ground.
When the man
who built the castle
heard legends about ghosts,
he laughed and said
they were nonsense.
Then the man disappeared
the first night he stayed here,
and nobody ever saw him again.
[Giggling]